Feat/add scs 0005 project governance (#813)
SovereignCloudStack/standards: Community-Governance/2024-12-project-board-nominees.md

# Nominees 2024-12 Project Board

> For the termin 2024-12 - 2025-12 the following people are nominated / have nominated themselfes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the term 2024-12 - 2025-12 the following people are nominated / have nominated themselves:
```
